Improve bot docs and slim down the bot API (#1)
aminya/SnoopCompile.jl: docs/src/bot.md

**Recommendation**:
 - add a `snoop_bench.jl` under `deps/SnoopCompile` (or at the same path that is referenced in yaml file).
 - or call the function directly from the yaml file.

Benchmarking the inference time of example_script
```julia

using SnoopCompile

botconfig = BotConfig(
  "Zygote";
  os = ["linux", "windows", "macos"],
  version = [v"1.4.1", v"1.3.1"],
  blacklist = ["SqEuclidean"],
  exhaustive = false,
)

println("Benchmarking the inference time of example_script")
snoop_bench(
  botconfig,
  "$(@__DIR__)/example_script.jl",
)
snoop_bot(BotConfig("MyPackage"))
```

Benchmarking the inference time of the tests
```julia
println("Benchmarking the inference time of the tests")
snoop_bench(BotConfig("MatLang"))
```
Finally, you could use package loading as the only operation,
with `snoop_bot(config, :(using MyPackage))`.

To selectively exclude some of your tests from running by SnoopCompile bot, use the global SnoopCompile_ENV::Bool variable.
```julia
if !isdefined(Main, :SnoopCompile_ENV) || SnoopCompile_ENV == false
  # the tests you want to skip in SnoopCompile environment
end

> ```

Reviewer: We can probably edit this for SnoopCompile_ENV documentation. I will take a look when I find some time.

```
To selectively exclude some of your tests from running by SnoopCompile bot, use the global SnoopCompile_ENV::Bool variable.	`snoop_bot` uses different strategies depending on the Julia version:
```julia	
if !isdefined(Main, :SnoopCompile_ENV) || SnoopCompile_ENV == false	
  # the tests you want to skip in SnoopCompile environment	
end	
```
```

>       - 'master'

Author: Right?

Reviewer: I prefer having `master` be commented, and only used for big repos. Personally, I usually, create branches for developing features, and I like to see the bot working on those branches as well. I can add a short comment about this.
```suggestion
    #  - 'master'  # NOTE: to run the bot only on pushes to master 
```

)
```

If you choose to use your "runtests.jl" file as your precompile script, configuration can be as simple as specifying just the name of the package:

```julia
using SnoopCompile

snoop_bot(BotConfig("MyPackage"))
```

!!! note
    Some of your regular tests may not be appropriate for `snoop_bot`.
    `snoop_bot` sets a global variable `SnoopCompile_ENV` to `true` during snooping,
    and sets it to `false` when finished.
    You can exploit this in your tests to determine whether snooping is on:

    ```julia
    if !isdefined(Main, :SnoopCompile_ENV) || SnoopCompile_ENV == false

>         # Tests that you want to run only when not snooping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Tests that you want to skip when snooping
```

    strategy:
      fail-fast: false
      matrix:
        version:   # NOTE: the versions below should match those in your botconfig

>           - '1.4.1'

Author: The version specified in the docs was 1.4.1, so I changed it here.

But, do we have to pass them to `BotConfig`? Could it just extract versions from what's run in the workflow file? Where possible I prefer to have only one place to set each configuration, having two makes things more fragile when they are not synchronized (as already happened here).

Reviewer: The reason for this is because the workflow file (written in TOML) is independent of the `BotConfig` (written in Julia). `BotConfig` option is used to generate the `precompile_includer` file, and these options here in TOML, are the actual versions that are used.

However, with that being said, We can write a Julia code to extract these versions from the TOML file. It should be pretty easy using [Yaml.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/YAML.jl). 🤔

Reviewer: This is able to get `os` and `version` from the yaml file. 
```julia
using YAML

function BotConfig(
	# ...
	use_workflow::Bool = false
    )
    
	if use_workflow
	    workflow_path::String = ".github/workflows/SnoopCompile.yml",
	    workflow_job::Strong = "SnoopCompile"
	
	    yml = YAML.load_file(path)
	    matrix = yml["jobs"][job]["strategy"]["matrix"]
	    if haskey(matrix, "os")
	        os = matrix["os"]
	    end
	    if haskey(matrix, "version")
	        version = matrix["version"]
	    end
	end

	# ... 
end
```

    strategy:
      fail-fast: false
      matrix:
        version:   # NOTE: the versions below should match those in your botconfig

>           - '1.4.1'

Reviewer: I am going to change this to `1.4.2` everywhere.
```suggestion
          - '1.4.2'
```
